ready I feel like it's you know as long
as she doesn't hit too much to my
forehand or my backhand I'll be all
right
you can do this let's go come on
you got the jobs come on buddy ma no
Josh this is not the way we drew it up
was you clock that well was it 100 and
203 that's a fault that was not in you
got something going you're good hi oh
I'm playing was Josh Grover right now
we're in the middle of a point think
he's a singer
my mom and dad listen to him all the
time I don't really know so I just stay
cool you got this she's an animal out
there I don't know I you know I said
stay away from her for dead I tried that
already
there's only one thing I think might
might work anything
I want to do this one go home now you
gotta do it you have to do this even if
you lose badly yeah no you get fun
there's a fine what happened out there
cut out played she knew the chord a
little better than I did personally I'd
like a rematch you know I don't know if
she's got the courage to do that but I'd
like to get back out there I'd like to
work on my son game I'd like to work on
my cloud game he or does it be flat that
was it b-flat
you know those people at thank you for
noticing by the way that was it's a good
note bad game good note I'm retiring
good well you caught me by surprise with
the retirement deal no what's up well it
just it was a spur-of-the-moment
decision yeah I felt like I had no
choice no oh my god it's a really cheap
game what she told you this is her place
Josh I mean just a USTA Billie Jean King
National Tennis Center hey Billy I know
you're making my day right now because I
love your Center I love you sta I love
the US Open I've been trying to get in
the door any way I can today and I've
been falling on my face every traffic
day I had a very very strenuous
qualifying match with Patrick coaching
today that I didn't know Ching close 14
not important things are important pay
for it not important but I don't know
what else to do because I love this
organization and I'd love to beat her so
much so maybe you can give me some
advice I might have an idea
come with me believe it unbelievable Wow
look at this
this is quite a view in that you know
there's 5,000 tons of steel here this
roof is going to be incredible why don't
you do what you do best
what's that say baby
if you say so
you